hey everyone so as you can see I'm
thankfully feeling a lot better I'm
still a little stuffy but I finally
don't look like a cyclops and don't
sound like a man so today I'm going to
do a video about my tanning routine
tanning products throughout the summer
everyone started commenting like oh my
god you're so tan oh my god what do you
do like blah blah blah so I figured I
would show you guys the self tanning
products I use and just talk about my
tanning routine and everything like that
I used the whole line basically if San
Tropez bronzing mousse and lotions and
everything this is not a sponsored video
at all they have no idea who I am and
purchase all this stuff from Sephora
over the past year so probably and
before I even tan and do anything like
that the first thing I do which I shot
were and I shaved my legs and everything
like my underarms and after I shave so I
wash my body and I shave my body and
then after a shave I take my loofah and
then an exfoliator and this is basically
all gone from the whole summer and it's
from Bath and Body Works and you just
want a good one with a lot of beads in
it if you have really hard to exfoliate
skin I recommend ocean salt from lush
it's like amazing or you can just get
one from Target or Bath and Body Works
and after you exfoliate I get out of the
shower and I dry myself off and I just
coat myself in a lotion this is also
from Target it's just Vaseline lotion no
self tanning just regular lotion and
after I'm done with that I usually just
light on my bed for like 20 minutes and
watch TV just so the lotion can soak in
and once the lotion soaked and my
favorite tanning product is their
bronzing mousse and it looks like this
and it comes out I'll show you you want
to buy the mitt with it and this is the
man
really dirty so basically what you do is
you put them in on and you shake it up
and it comes out like this and you just
rub it into your skin I'm not going to
personally just because I didn't take
kind of exfoliate or anything today yet
but um so basically what you do is you
use the mate you put it on the mitt and
you just rub it on you and you can see
where it's going so it's really easy to
make it not streaky it has green
undertones in it which is really good
because that's what make it makes it
look really really natural and I think
it's good for basically any skin tone
I've used it on some of my very pale
friends basically anyone I use it on it
looks flawless it is the best self
tanner use but other products I do use
from them is this is their bronzing
spray and what I'll do is if I want to
look really really really tan I will do
what I just told you it'll put the
bronzing mousse on all over my body
I also put it on my face a lot of you to
ask me that if I put it on my face I put
my face moisturizer on exfoliate to the
whole single thing because I've shaved
my face and I put a little bit probably
about this size amount and I go dot dot
dot dot and then you just rub it in as
quick as possible and then I think it's
still kind of a lot on your face
wherever you didn't put the mousse so
let's say there's a dry spot on the mint
like that's usually Drive right here
with nothing on it I start doing that
and rubbing it off a little bit without
so that I'm not just rubbing more
product in so it doesn't get clumpy or
anything and then if I need to I take a
q-tip and kind of touch up if it makes
pimples darker or whatever and so then
back to this eye what if I want to look
really really tan after I put on the
mousse and everything I just spray this
over my body a little bit and it just
kind of makes it even more tan it's the
same exact formula in this bottle it's
just in a spray form so if you want a
really really good tan you might want to
use the mousse because this goes on very
very lightly
it's just a nice airbrush just to touch
up basically I do use this sometimes by
itself but I definitely get way Tanner
from the mousse and sometimes I'll even
put this over the mousse to make it even
more tan and then to get even more tan I
have the also perfect perfect Lex brows
and sick
sexy let's go that's what it's called so
this is basically like an airbrush spray
so right when you spray it they like
comes out darker and you also have to
rub that in with the mix so basically
it's for your legs and I spray it on my
legs it comes out it doesn't smell bad
at all actually smells pretty good and
it air brushes your leg so it gets rid
of any blemishes on your legs it gives
you instant color you have to wait just
a few minutes to you can put on your
clothes for the dry so this is basically
if you're going out to a party and you
want to look really tan right then you
use this and it's amazing I use it on my
stomach my arms my chest even though
it's just four legs I do use it a nother
place my body I do not use this on my
face but I really do like this I
sometimes I'll do the bronzing mousse so
I'm like Tuesday and I won't want to do
it again on Thursday so I'll just put a
little bit on the Sun and rub it in with
the mitt still and it makes you look
flawless and then two of the products I
have from central peg is this and I just
thought that they changed their
packaging so I needed a new bronzing
mousse I think they changed their
packaging so I was like okay I don't
read things and bottles apparently
because this is the dark formula and I
use this right before I was gonna go out
so I took a shower everything put this
on and like got ready blah blah blah and
I went out and as I was leaving my mom
was like oh my god he looked green so
let me show you the difference between
this and this so this is definitely for
people with dark naturally darker skin
so if I went to California or Hawaii or
something for the week and got really
tan I could easily use this cuz I get
really really tanned naturally but if I
just use this like on an everyday day
says it's just like it is literally in
the color green I don't the camera's not
even picking it up it look looks like
diarrhea but um so this is literally
literally literally green but my friend
city a makeup tweeted a bunch you
probably know her this is on my hands
now so she tweeted saying that she
use this and you can't go out right away
with it you need to wait overnight so I
have yet I've only used this once she
claims that if you just use this and
then go to bed you wake up and it's not
green anymore it's just a perfect tan so
that might be true I just recommend this
for darker skin people like if you're
naturally very tan and you just want to
be Tanner and the bronzing mousse
doesn't do a lot for you I definitely
recommend the darker formula I'm just
kinda man that I bought such a big
bottle of it
what's that reading that's why you
always read what you buy people and then
the last product I have is the st.
Jacques bronzing lotion and I don't
really like this very much I tried to I
got it so I could try to use it for my
face and I don't think it gave myself a
lot of color as compared to the Moose's
the mooses are definitely my favorite I
didn't like this because I had to use my
hands with it I had to rub it in with my
hands and then it gets all over your
hands and it's really gross so I don't
really like this I'll definitely use it
since I bought it unfortunately but
overall of all the products I recommend
buying the moves with the mitt it's
foolproof like I told you if you just
follow those steps of shower shave
exfoliate lotion dry mousse dry so easy
use the mitt I love this if you're gonna
think if you're thinking about investing
in a spray tan I say no don't do it this
is the best formula of tanning I've ever
used it doesn't turn you orange a lot of
people always have come inside my videos
and say I look really Orange that is
just the effect that I use in my videos
I use a glow effect to bring up my
videos and make it look like better but
sometimes it just picks up the colors
very oddly so I does not make me look
orange at all that is just the effect
that I use in my videos if you think I
look orange but normally it just makes
me really really tan I've gotten all my
friends obsessed with it this is just
one of those products that I recommend
to everyone so that is how I get really
tan I use it pretty much all year round
but I don't use it every day I only use
it when I know I need that I'm going out
it's not something I use all the time
and once you start using it you need to
keep exfoliating and moisturizing or
else it will get rotten and we're not
rotten but it'll just get streaky and
kind of form to your body weird um so
yeah just keep up with it
it will be foolproof I popped you later